So in order to fix this we have to change our strategy.
Instead of grabbing the points we should grab what we call the subtext and the subtext is well what
comes underneath the title because every single title has these subtext and underneath it we have the
score now in our case the top one over here doesn't actually have the score.
You see here that we have the subtext but there is no score.
So what we can do is do a little extra check.
If we go back to our code we can now change this a little bit so that instead of having the votes here
what we can do is grab the subtext and this is going to be the subtext class that we're going to grab
to make sure that all links are going to have the subtext.
So let's select subtext and in here we're going to change our strategy to say that hate the votes that
I want or in our case the vote because we're looping through here is going to equal the subtext at the
place our looping through and we're going to select the class of scores so remember if we scroll down
class of score is what we want and that's going to be our vote.
Now remember there are some cases where the vote won't be there.
So while we can do now is say hey if the vote has no length because remember we're going to get an array
if this length is zero that's going to evaluate to false.
But if it's not zero then I want you to do all of this.
So now our vote instead of doing index here we can just say the vote get tax and replace the points
but it's only going to run if the vote list exists.
So let's test this out.
I'm going to run
and we have to change our parameters from votes here to subtext.
So let's do that.
Let's say subtext subtext Phi save and run this again we get list object has no actually get taxed because
again we get an array here so we have to grab the first element in the array.
Remember because we're grabbing the subtext.
So if I run this again all right it looks like we finally have our points and no errors.
That's awesome.
So you see here when you're web scraping you're testing out your assumptions and maybe you make some
mistakes so you want to adjust and fix them based on what the Web site does.
Now in here the last thing I want to do is to actually add the vote into our hacker news point here.
So let's remove the print here
and I'm going to add
votes
as the well the points that we get here.
Let's make this a little smaller.
Just so you can see perfect.
So we have this how can you spend.
So let's test it up now before I show you I want to show you something.
When it comes to enumerate why did we use enumerate.
Well it's because in here we have two lists the links and the subtext.
And we're only renew my rating over the links list and subtext.
What is now being enumerated.
So what happens here is we need the index so that we can access this subtext within our loop because
otherwise well if we didn't enumerate there's no way to grab both links and subtext items.
So for example in here my links can just be converted to item
item but subtext so we'll just have to use the index that we have here hopefully that makes sense.
Now let's print this and see what it looks like.
I'm going to print hit save and let's run our script
and we have a little mistake here we got to make sure that the curly brackets are outside.
If I run this all right we see that we get our data and let's just check.
We have title about security issues on TLC which has a vote of 3 0 7.
Let's just check that on the page.
If I scroll down about the security issue on TLC which has three hundred and seven votes.
Awesome.
So this seems to be working our script is working.
Wonderful Now the last thing I want to add here is this whole printing is a little ugly.
And ideally we can print things nicely to the terminal.
Well we have a module a built in module that we can use in Python called Pretty print.
And we can just import it like this P print now.
Check this out.
If instead of print here I do p print dot P print.
Let's see if we notice a difference.
All right.
It's a little neater now.
We have a little bit of more spacing and while it's a lot cleaner than it was before.
That's really nice.
Now the other thing is as we mentioned we only care about the votes that have over 100 so let's add
another if statement here.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
And within the points here we'll just say if points
are higher than ninety nine then we'll append to our updated hacker news.
Let's save give this a go
all right.
It looks like we only have stories that have over 100 points so it's nice and clean.
A lot smaller now.
Awesome.
Now there's a few more things I want to add to this.
Ideally these votes are ranked so we have the highest vote at the top and at the bottom the lowest vote
this way it's easier for me to decide what story I should read first.
Let's explore that in the next video by.